This is a picture of
the systems development life cycle or a software development life cycle.
The first part includes analysis.
What I mean by this is,
in an engineering setup,
you have your product team,
or you may not have a product team,
you may have an engineering project manager
who might be able to give you the requirements.
What they do is they want an analysis.
They want some statistics to see what is the shortcoming in your project,
and that is what comes as a requirement to you,
which is what analysis does.
The second phase is the design.
Once you are given the requirement,
you as a developer come with a solution of designing the solution for the requirement.
That is what we do in the design phase.
You might take help from the other engineers or
your leads to find out how to design the solution for this requirement.
Then you get into the development phase,
which is what you have learned so far in this course.
In the development phase,
you would write the code,
and you would manually probably test out the requirements solution,
but that is where testing comes into picture.
This is where you would write tests to ensure that you don't have to
manually test the developed code again.
The next part is the implementation,
then you go with documentation, and evaluation.
The cycle for software development
continues so that the product develops into a very mature product,
and eventually goes to production,
or however, you use an application.
With this in mind,
there are certain other documents or
resources that are going to be linked to the video which
you can go through if you have more interest in learning more about the SDLC life cycle.